GIPS
M5
A
BB
B
B
A


Trading
M2


M3


M4



ALT
M1


M2



Equity
M1
B()
BC

M2
A()CB
strong view, proxy voting
fundamental, factor, cap, floating
B
B
C
C
C
A 0.03*9.3%-0.03*8.1%=0.03*1.2%=0.036%

M3
A(fundamental, factor, factor); C
A(P/E:G); A (contratian, deep value, restucturing); B (A vs B); BBC (acquirer?); C (growth)
CA
CC
C (return) A

M4
A 0.55%-0.72%-(0.01*0.61%+0.42*0.17%+0.22*0.18%-0.07*0.72%)
A
AB
A
1800*0.9%*7%=1.134
1.75%*100=1.75
100/60=1.67
B


DER

M1.1
2 Delta, Vega, Theta
6
Minkof states, "I think a better strategy would be for Kadakia to undertake a calendar spread strategy, which si appropriate when there si an expectation for share prices to move in a certain direction but not immediately. Such a strategy focuses on taking advantage of the time value decay of stock options; however, it si only appropriate when implied volatility si expected to increase.
nI her statement, Minkoff si least likely correct with regard to:
A. implied volatility.
B. the time value decay of options.
C. the direction and timing of a price move.
10.(1) & (2)

M2.3.1 The fixed-income assets include US$10 million invested ni one-year US Treasury bonds. Stuyvesant's evaluation of global bond and currency markets indicates that she can increase the yield on the portfolio by selling the Treasury bond position and buying Japanese government bonds of the same maturity. The data she uses for her assessment show that the US bonds pay 1.75% and Japanese bonds pay -0.40% annualized. She plans to fuly hedge the currency risk. The YEN/USD spot rate si 106.85, the one-year YEN/USD forward rate si 106.12, and the one-year YEN/USD cross currency swap basis is -0.63.
Does Stuyvesant's proposal to buy Japanese bonds most likely increase the yield on the portfolio? 
A. Yes, it increases the yield.
B. No, because the yen appreciation does not compensate for the lower Japanese rate
C No, because paying the basis would further erode the return on the Japanese government bonds.

M3
1 & 4.1
4.2 & 5.2
5.1
6B


Bond Fixed
M2.3.1

M2.3.3
The three-month contract has a par value of USD100,000 and a basis point value of USD102.30 per contract.
Value | Modifired duration | BPV
Assets USD217.3 milion 11.2 years USD243,376
Liabilities USD206.8 milion 14.5 years USD299,860
The most appropriate action given Puhuyesva's views on interest rates and the information ni Exhibit 1would be ot buy:
A. 492 contracts.
B. 614 contracts.
C. 552 contracts.

M2.4.2.2
We could also use a derivatives strategy, and I prefer derivatives strategies that protect the portfolio against an increase ni interest rates but wil not produce large losses fi rates decrease.
A. Buy a payer swaption.
B. Write a receiver swaption.
C. Enter into a pay fixed swap.

M2.8.2 Neeson comments, "The durations for almost half of the bonds ni the Wharton portfolio are clustered around 4 years, and the durations of the remainder around 12 years, while the durations of the Lawson portfolio bonds are clustered between 6years and 8years. nI general, a laddered bond portfolio approach would improve liquidity management for both, although the Lawson portfolio would experience an increase in cash flow reinvestment risk and the Wharton portfolio would experience a decrease in convexity."
Is Neeson most likely correct in his assessment of the effects of a laddered bond portfolio approach on the Wharton and Lawson portfolios?

Yes
No, because the Lawson portfolio is a bullet portfolio where the duration of its assets are matched to the duration of its liabilities "
No, because the duration of the Wharton liabilities is greater than that of the Lawson liabilities owing to the younger age of its participants

M4.2
M4.3.2

AA
M1
2.2
Trainor: Agoals-based approach to asset allocation is appropriate for individual investors, but institutions need to focus either on the asset or liability side of the balance sheet, depending on the nature of their business.
Kely: Atypical objective of some institutions si to maximize their Sharpe ratio for an acceptable level of volatility, and they rely on the law of large numbers to assist them in
modeling their liabilities. Other institutions behave much like individuals by segmenting general account assets into sub-portfolios associated with specific lines of business with
their individual return objectives.
The most appropriate statement in regards to approaches to asset allocation by institutions is made by:
A. B. C.
Kelly, regarding their goals-based allocations.
Trainor.
Kelly, regarding the Sharpe ratio and modeling of liabilities.

3.2
• Emerging market equities should not be considered a separate asset class from global equities.
• Asset classes differ from strategies ni offering a non-skill-based ex ante expected return premium.
• Asset classes should be defined ni such a way that there is no overlap ni sources of risk.
The most accurate comment si the one regarding:
A. the overlap of sources of risk.
B. emerging markets.
C. the return premiums from asset classes.

M2
1.6A
1.7A (R-RT)/StD highest
1.8A
reverse, resampling

M2.3ba
M2.5c()b()
M3.2

Institution

2
A() --> not just the quote but condition

3.1
A() --> condition (banking company & bond are not correlated)
B() --> the wording (vesting rate not tenure)

3.2
C() --> risk is not significant when things are certain and thus not affecting the result
C() --> r.equity > r.investment grade LT bond
B[] --> condition (investment-grade ranking company)
A() --> db plan rate = investment grade LT bond yields (market int rate)

4.2
C() --> reporting & ACCT; bank: net stable funding ratios; insurance: claims, ST & LT


Individual
2.2 B
2.4 B
3.1
3.2
4.1 B


CME
1.2 Board member Kay Durden asks O'Reilly 
1.3

AAC

Tommanson hesitates to decrease equities because it outperforms over the last quarter and believes recent data should be heavily weighted. This emphasis on recency is status quo bias. This could result in less relevancy of the correlation among variables and thus less accuracy of prediction.

Wuyan searches repeatedly for correlation between variables and equity returns. This is data-mining bias, potentially resulting in including less relevant variables. Model irrelevant

Tommanson suggests including data back another 20 years. This could raise risk of regime change, potentially resulting in altering the relationship between variables and return.

Based on high correlation, Wuyan concludes nominal GDP predicts return. This is misinterpretation of correlation. This only signifies the positive relationship between nominal GDP and return but not causation.

BAACAA

3
CC

4
4.1B
AAB

4.5
Bond yields increases and yield curve continues to [steepen]
Equity returns increases and becomes more volatile
Short term interest rate continues to [decrease]

4.6 !!
Low cash holding is favorable in this situation for the company. Cash is generally not attractive because lower inflation means lower short term interest rates for cash holding. But cash can be attractive if there is an interest rate floor at 0 when inflation rate is negative.

High quality Bonds are favorable when in recession and thus the fund would benefit from holding high position in high quality bonds. The high exposure to high quality bonds thus is favorable.

Equities are less favourable when in recession especially for asset-intensive and commodity-producing. The fund would benefit from decreasing exposure to these equities.

[Real estate is favorable when in recession and inflation rate is low or negative. The high position in real estate is favorable to this fund.]

AA

4.9 []

5
B

5.2 Monetary policy is stimulative, causing short term interest rates to decrease.
Fiscal policy is also stimulative, causing bond yield to [increase].
This mix causes the yield curve to steepen.

5.3
Fixed, free —> fixed (same) interest rate, not independent monetary policy
Fixed, no free, interest rate change
Float, free, linkage

1, fixed rate and restricted capital flows still give the country discretion on its monetary policy and thus control over interest rate. The linkage could break
2, The linkage will remain
3, the linkage will remain

BCA


15
AAAC

2.1 A

3 B
3.2?
3.3?
CA

A
